board: doc: Update H3ULCB doc for v2.7 (#38449)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: boards/arm/rcar_h3ulcb/doc/rcar_h3ulcb.rst

| GND    | 9        | 6        |
+--------+----------+----------+

> CAN :
> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CAN
---
```

Author: In this case, should I also remove colons from other sections such as GPIO and UART ?

Reviewer: Yes, : should be removed

> H3ULCB board is providing two CAN interfaces. Both interfaces are available on the Kingfisher daughter board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H3ULCB board provides two CAN interfaces. Both interfaces are available on the Kingfisher daughter board.
```

+--------------------+--------------------+--------------+
| Physical Interface | Software Interface | Transceiver  |
+====================+====================+==============+
| CN17               | CAN0               | TCAN332GDCNT |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------+
| CN18               | CAN1               | TCAN332GDCNT |
+--------------------+--------------------+--------------+

> .. Note:: Interfaces are set to 125 kbit/s by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Interfaces are set to 125 kbit/s by default.
```

Author: will also fix this for older notes

> Here is CAN physical interfaces pinout :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists CAN physical interfaces pinout:
```

+-----+--------+
| Pin | Signal |
+=====+========+
| 1   | CANH   |
+-----+--------+
| 2   | CANL   |
+-----+--------+
| 3   | GND    |
+-----+--------+

> I2C :
> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I2C
---
```

> H3ULCB board is providing two I2C buses. Unfortunately current support doesn't provide direct access to these buses through connectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H3ULCB board provides two I2C buses. Unfortunately direct access to these buses is not available through connectors.
```

> I2C is mainly used to manage and power-on a lot of onboard chips on the H3ULCB and Kingfisher daughter board.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I2C is mainly used to manage and power on multiple of onboard chips on the H3ULCB and Kingfisher daughter board.
```

> All these devices are connected to I2C buses through I2C mux and I/O expanders that are not yet supported with this board.

Reviewer: What "all these devices" mean?

Author: I meant "chips" from above sentence

Reviewer: Can sentence be rephrased to be more clear?

Author: Yes, it is better like that ?
"Embedded I2C devices and I/O expanders are not yet supported. The current I2C support therefore does not make any devices available to the user at this time."

Reviewer: Yes, sounds better, thanks!

Programming and Debugging
*************************

Build and flash applications as usual (see :ref:`build_an_application` and
:ref:`application_run` for more details).

Supported Debug Probe
=====================

> The "Olimex ARM-USB-OCD-H" probe is the only officially supported probe.
> 
> This probe is supported by OpenOCD that is shipped with the Zephyr SDK.
> 
> Plug your Olimex "Olimex ARM-USB-OCD-H" probe with a SICA20I2P adapter to CN3 on H3ULCB.
> 
> See `eLinux Kingfisher page`_ "Known issues" section if you encounter problem with JTAG.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The "Olimex ARM-USB-OCD-H" probe is the only officially supported probe. This probe is supported by OpenOCD that is shipped with the Zephyr SDK.

The "Olimex ARM-USB-OCD-H" probe needs to be connected with a SICA20I2P adapter to CN3 on H3ULCB.

.. note::
    See `eLinux Kingfisher page`_ "Known issues" section if you encounter problem with JTAG.
```

Configuring a Console
=====================

Connect a USB cable from your PC to CN04 of your Kingfisher daughter board.

Use the following settings with your serial terminal of choice (minicom, putty,
etc.):

- Speed: 115200
- Data: 8 bits
- Parity: None
- Stop bits: 1

Flashing
========

> Open your serial terminal first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, open your serial terminal.
```

Applications for the ``rcar_h3ulcb_cr7`` board configuration can be built in the usual way (see :ref:`build_an_application` for more details).

.. zephyr-app-commands::
   :zephyr-app: samples/hello_world
   :board: rcar_h3ulcb_cr7
   :goals: flash

You should see the following message in the terminal:

.. code-block:: console

	*** Booting Zephyr OS build v2.6.0-rc1 ***
	Hello World! rcar_h3ulcb_cr7

Debugging
=========

> Open your serial terminal first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, open your serial terminal.
```
